Q1: I have an upcoming appointment but have not done blood test. Should I still come for appointment? 
A1: generally, tests are done 1 day before appontment date, results should be available by the time patient sees the Dr the following day.
    Most blood and urine test results are available within one working day. However, please note there might be a chance that one or two test 
    results might not be ready by the time you see the doctor. If you are uncomfortable with this, you may wish to reschedule

Q2: I am unsure how to collect urine samples or what to do with the urine bottles
A2: There are generally 2 types of urine specimen containers issued to patients:
    1. Small container with a red cap
    - for small container, each container is only required to be half-filled with mid-stream urine samples
    - mid-stream urine samples would mean you don't collect the first or last part of urine that comes out. This reduces the risk of the sample
    being contaminated with bacteria (e.g. your hands)
    2. Big 5-liter container
    - for 5-liter containers, you are to follow the instructions of the video to complete the test

Q3: Where can I draw or deposit my urine samples?
A3: There are 2 labs located within SGH campus. 1) Block 3 SOC lab 2) DMC Lab 

Q4: What are the operating hours of the lab?
A4: Block 3 SOC Lab:
    Mon-Fri (7:30am - 4:30pm last collection), Sat (7:30am - 11:30am last collection), Sun & PH (Closed)
    DMC Lab:
    Mon-Fri (7:30am-4:30pm last collection), Sat, Sun & PH (Closed)

Q5: I am feeling unwell and would like to see the doctor or speak to clinic staff
A5: It would be best advised that you seek medical attention/advice from the nearest clinic or A&E department. If the service provider
    requests for an urgent appointment with the specified specialist, we will be glad to assist and secure you an urgent appointment

Q6: I would like a medical report for my personal use (e.g. second opinion, submit to employer or insurance company)
A6: Please forward your request to SGH Medical Records Office at this URL (https://www.sgh.com.sg/mro/Pages/default.aspx)
    they will be the best department to assist with your request

Q7: I have an upcoming kidney ultrasound appointment; can I do my lab test on the same day?
A7: You may proceed with the lab test if your doctor's appointment is within one month of the test date

Q8: I have insufficient medication and would like a top-up
A8: Your request will be sent to the clinic for processing. Requests may take 5 working days to process, with an additional
    5 working days should you require medication delivery. Alternatively, you can view your medication balance on HealthBuddy and arrange
    for medication delivery should there be any balance
